update enhanced-ldap (#65687)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/enhanced-ldap/index.md

```

Single bind configuration (as in the [Single bind example]({{< relref "ldap/#single-bind-example" >}})) is not supported with active LDAP synchronization because Grafana needs user information to perform LDAP searches.

> In order for the synchronisation to work, the `servers.search_filter` and `servers.attributes.username` in the ldap.toml config file must match. By default the `servers.attributes.username` is "cn", so if you use another attirbute as the search filter, you need to update the username attribute as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the synchronization to work, the `servers.search_filter` and `servers.attributes.username` in the ldap.toml config file must match. By default, the `servers.attributes.username` is `cn`, so if you use another attribute as the search filter, you must also update the username attribute. 
```

```

Single bind configuration (as in the [Single bind example]({{< relref "ldap/#single-bind-example" >}})) is not supported with active LDAP synchronization because Grafana needs user information to perform LDAP searches.

For the synchronization to work, the `servers.search_filter` and `servers.attributes.username` in the ldap.toml config file must match. By default, the `servers.attributes.username` is `cn`, so if you use another attribute as the search filter, you must also update the username attribute.

For example:

```
[[servers]]
search_filter = "(sAMAccountName=%s)"

[servers.attributes]
username  = "sAMAccountName"
```

> If the attributes aren't the same, the users' sessions will be terminated after each synchronization. That's because the search will done using the value of the username, and that value doesn't exist for the attribute used in the search filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the attributes aren't the same, the users' sessions will be terminated after each synchronization. That's because the search will be done using the username's value, and that value doesn't exist for the attribute used in the search filter.
```
